Office therapy
Vice President Tian, this is Qi Tian
Track my home monitoring early
Please kick him out
Kid, I'm busy talking to Miss Tian about business
Go away by yourself
I'm here to save my job
I'll take care of you talking about business
But what about you?
Don't bother me
Do you know who I am?
Dare to talk to me like that
Former vice president, right?
I know how dare I tell you so arrogant
I don't care what your job is
You are fired
Excuse me.
I am your position
I can't make it public, you fart
Dingsheng has not offended Lao Tzu now
The actual leader
Open whoever you want
It really covers the sky with one hand
I'm sure you've done a lot of unarmed work
Blade thing
I don't have time to talk nonsense with you
Call me out
Vice President Qian, he is a guest brought by Miss Ye
I roll this dog
Otherwise, Vice President Qian can't fire you
It turns out that you are relying on Miss Ye to eat soft rice
The former vice president, Qi Tian, is a liar
All evil
You must not keep him, shut up